2.1.0
-----
* [JENKINS-51793] explicit enable (#68)
* [JENKINS-49114] evaluate result and TestResultAction late (#52)
* url has to point to wiki (#65, #69)
* add vhost support for rabbitmq (#64)
* [JENKINS-42536] fix ansi console note (#62)
* improve help (#61)
* code cleanup (#60)
* charset for rabbitMQ (#58, #63)
* add dao to work with logstash tcp (#59)
* Use mime type from config field in Elasticsearch indexer while posting HTTP request (#41)
* millisecond timestamps (#57)


2.0.0
-----
* [JENKINS-49960] use a Jobproperty instead of a BuildWrapper (#55) :warning:
* [JENKINS-33635] option to enable logstash globally (#54)
* remove dependency to maskpasswords (#48)
* [JENKINS-49451] Fix logstash Notifier step (#53)
* add a pipeline step with block (#51)
* move configuration from ToolInstallation to GlobalConfiguration (#43) :warning: 


1.4.0
-----
* reduce visibility of fields (#46)
* findbugs: fix default encoding issues (#45)
* findbugs: fix issues in BuildData (#44)
* properly get displayname of node (#38)
* Full project name (#37)
* JENKINS-41324 Append `build` envVars for build and post-build injected envVars (#33)

1.3.0
-----
* Add test error details for failed test cases (#30)
* Log exceptions in BuildData (#35)
* Syslog persistence integration test with docker and travis. (#27)
* Change logstash notifier to fit pipeline jobs (#28)
* Update ElasticSearchDao to support LogStash
* Updating the global.jelly to take work for Jenkins 2.0 and work for Jenkins with set URL and without

1.2.0
-----
* Respect Mask Password plugin configuration
* Update timestamps generated by build wrapper to reflect current time
* Add @buildTimestamp to record start time

1.1.1
-----
* Remove redundant timestamp from payload
* Don't try to create RabbitMQ queue if it already exists
* Remove unnecessary external synchronization between builds

1.1.0
-----
* Add Syslog support
* Requires Java runtime 7 or newer

1.0.4
-----
* Add support for pushing directly to Elasticsearch

1.0.3
-----
* Fix incompatibility with Jenkins core 1.577 and later

1.0.2
-----
* Add test results to the payload
* Removed redundant field "version" from payload
* Fixed build duration (build duration was always 0)

1.0.1
-----
* Return Jedis connection to pool immediately after use

1.0.0
-----
* Use JedisPool to fix concurrency issue with multiple running jobs
* Update Logstash event schema (https://logstash.jira.com/browse/LOGSTASH-675)
* Add more build data to the payload (build parameters, Jenkins ID, etc.)
* Move connection info into a global config shared between all jobs
* Add a post-build action to send multiple log lines as a single event
* Add support for RabbitMQ

0.7.4
-----

* Flush downstream OutputStream when we flush.
* If the connection to redis fails, stop using redis.
* Log the activation of Logstash.

0.7.3
-----

* Continue to output to the console log when redis is down.
* Add support for more types of builds.

0.7.2
-----

* No longer duplicating every line in metadata.
* Fix bug when no password is used for redis.

0.7.1
-----

* Remove data marked by ansi-conceal escape sequence.

0.7.0
=====

* Initial working release.
