README.md, before:

Jenkins Logstash Plugin
=======================

This plugin adds support for sending a job's console log to Logstash indexers such as ElasticSearch, RabbitMQ, or Redis.

* see [Jenkins wiki](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Logstash+Plugin) for detailed feature descriptions
* use [JIRA](https://issues.jenkins-ci.org) to report issues / feature requests

Install
=======

* Generate the `hpi` file with the command: `mvn package`

* Put the `hpi` file in the directory `$JENKINS_HOME/plugins`
* Restart jenkins

Configure
=========

Currently supported methods of input/output:

* ElasticSearch {REST API}
* Redis {format => 'json_event'}
* RabbitMQ {mechanism => PLAIN}
* Syslog {format => cee/json ([RFC-5424](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5424), not viable for logstash syslog input), protocol => UDP}

License
=======

The Logstash Plugin is licensed under the MIT License.

Contributing
============

* Fork the project on [Github](https://github.com/jenkinsci/logstash-plugin)
* Make your feature addition or bug fix, write tests, commit.
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

Adding support for new indexers
-------------------------------

* Create a new class in the package `jenkins.plugins.logstash.persistence` that extends `AbstractLogstashIndexerDao`
* Add a new entry to the enum `IndexerType` in `LogstashIndexerDao`
* Add a new mapping to the `INDEXER_MAP` in `IndexerDaoFactory`

Commit message:

Change logstash notifier to fit pipeline jobs (#28)

README.md, after:

Jenkins Logstash Plugin
=======================

This plugin adds support for sending a job's console log to Logstash indexers such as ElasticSearch, RabbitMQ, or Redis.

* see [Jenkins wiki](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Logstash+Plugin) for detailed feature descriptions
* use [JIRA](https://issues.jenkins-ci.org) to report issues / feature requests

Install
=======

* Generate the `hpi` file with the command: `mvn package`

* Put the `hpi` file in the directory `$JENKINS_HOME/plugins`
* Restart jenkins

Configure
=========

Currently supported methods of input/output:

* ElasticSearch {REST API}
* Redis {format => 'json_event'}
* RabbitMQ {mechanism => PLAIN}
* Syslog {format => cee/json ([RFC-5424](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5424), not viable for logstash syslog input), protocol => UDP}

Pipeline
========

Logstash plugin can be used as a publisher in pipeline jobs:

```Groovy
 node('master') {
        sh'''
        echo 'Hello, world!'
        '''
        logstashSend failBuild: true, maxLines: 1000
 }
```


License
=======

The Logstash Plugin is licensed under the MIT License.

Contributing
============

* Fork the project on [Github](https://github.com/jenkinsci/logstash-plugin)
* Make your feature addition or bug fix, write tests, commit.
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

Adding support for new indexers
-------------------------------

* Create a new class in the package `jenkins.plugins.logstash.persistence` that extends `AbstractLogstashIndexerDao`
* Add a new entry to the enum `IndexerType` in `LogstashIndexerDao`
* Add a new mapping to the `INDEXER_MAP` in `IndexerDaoFactory`
